English:

    Project Description

        This PHP project is a simple calculator that evaluates mathematical expressions provided as command-line arguments.
        It supports basic arithmetic operations, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and parentheses for grouping.

    Functionality

        Input Handling

            The script accepts a mathematical expression as the first command-line argument ($argv[1]).
            
            It sanitizes the input by removing any invalid characters using preg_replace, allowing only numbers, operators, and parentheses.
        
        Expression Parsing

            my_eval_expr($equation) Function

                Cleans the input expression.
                
                Calls parse_expression($equation) to evaluate the sanitized expression.
            
            parse_expression($equation) Function

                Parentheses Handling

                    Uses regular expressions to recursively evaluate expressions within parentheses.
                
                    Replaces the innermost parentheses with their evaluated result until no parentheses remain.
                
                Multiplication and Division

                    Uses regular expressions to find multiplication and division operations.
                
                    Evaluates these operations before addition and subtraction to respect operator precedence.
                
                    Supports floating-point numbers.
                
                Addition and Subtraction

                    Uses regular expressions to find addition and subtraction operations.
                
                    Evaluates these operations after multiplication and division.
        
        Testing

            A separate test script (test.php) is provided.

            TestCase Class

                Provides methods for asserting equality (assertEquals) and tracking test results.
            
                Handles the display of test results with colored output for passed and failed tests.
            
            UnitTest Class

                Inherits from TestCase.
            
                Contains the testEvalExpr() method, which runs multiple test cases to verify the calculator's correctness.
    
    Usage Example

    php calculator.php "2+(3*4)-5"
    This command will output the result of the expression 2+(3*4)-5, which is 9.
