English:

    Project Description

        This PHP script is designed to find anagrams of a given word by removing a specified number of letters.
        It takes two command-line arguments:

            1) Input Word: The word from which anagrams will be generated.
            2) Number (nb): The number of letters to remove from the input word to form new combinations.
            
        The script generates all possible combinations of the input word by removing nb letters and checks these 
        combinations against a dictionary file (anagram-master-dictionnaire.txt) to find valid anagrams.

    Code Overview

        Input Handling:

            Retrieves the input word and the number nb from the command-line arguments.
           
            Validates that nb is non-negative and less than the length of the input word.
        
        Functions:

            generate_combinations($word, $nb): Generates all possible combinations of the word by removing nb letters.

                Utilizes the combinations() function to get all index combinations.
        
                Constructs new word combinations by excluding letters at the specified indices.
        
            combinations($array, $length, $start_index = 0, $current = []): Recursively generates all combinations of a certain length from an array.

            are_anagrams($word1, $word2): Checks if two words are anagrams by comparing their character counts.

        Dictionary Loading:

            Opens and reads the dictionary file anagram-master-dictionnaire.txt.
            
            Stores all words from the dictionary into an array for comparison.
        
        Anagram Detection:

            Iterates over all generated combinations.
            
            Checks each combination against all words in the dictionary to find valid anagrams.
            
            Stores anagrams in an associative array to ensure uniqueness.
        
        Output:

            Prints out all unique anagrams found.
        
        Usage Example

            php script.php "example" 2
            This command will generate all combinations of the word "example" by removing 2 letters and will print out any anagrams found in the dictionary.
