English:

    Project Description

        This PHP script is designed to generate a sprite image by combining multiple PNG images from a specified directory
        (default is "assets_folder"). It also generates a corresponding CSS file to facilitate the use of the sprite 
        in web development. The script can process images recursively through subdirectories if the recursive option
        is enabled.
    
    Usage Example:
    
        php sprite_generator.php -r -i custom_sprite.png -s custom_style.css
    
    This command will:

        Enable recursive scanning of directories.
        
        Generate a sprite image named custom_sprite.png.
        
        Generate a CSS file named custom_style.css.

    Functionality:

        Command-Line Options:

            -r or --recursive: Enable recursive scanning of directories.
            
            -i or --output-image: Specify the name of the output sprite image (default is sprite.png).
            
            -s or --output-style: Specify the name of the output CSS file (default is style.css).
        
        Image Scanning:

            The scanImages($directory) function scans the specified directory for PNG images.
            
            If the recursive option is enabled, it scans subdirectories as well.
            
            Collects all found image paths into the $images array.
        
        Sprite Generation:

            The calculateSpriteSize($images) function calculates the total width and maximum height required for 
            the sprite image by summing the widths of all images and taking the maximum height.

            The createSprite($images, $width, $height, $outputImage) function creates a new true color image ($sprite) 
            with the calculated dimensions.

            It then copies each individual image onto the sprite image horizontally, updating the x-coordinate accordingly.

        CSS Generation:

            The generateCSS($width, $height, $outputStyle) function generates a basic CSS file that includes 
            a class .img with the dimensions of the sprite image.